创建一个NativePDFDocumentReader.pas文件，定义TNativePDFDocumentReader类，并实现read方法，传入文档的路径，解析出文档中的文本内容（返回值为字符串格式），需要是markdown格式的，针对的是PDF原始文件，因为它可以不利用OCR而直接取出文件内容。
需要使用到WINSOFT的PDFium控件，


## 这个控件的使用方法如下：
TPdf

TPdf 
Unit

PDFium

Description

Use TPdf component to open, navigate, extract text and edit PDF documents. 
Example

Pdf.FileName := 'document.pdf';
Pdf.Password := 'password';
Pdf.Active := True; // open PDF document
Pdf.PageNumber := 1; // select page
ShowMessage(Pdf.Text); // extract text 

Types

type TBookmark = record
  Handle: FPDF_BOOKMARK;
  Title: WString;
  PageNumber: Integer;
  Action: TPdfAction;
  ActionPageNumber: Integer;
end; 

type TBookmarks = array of TBookmark;

Bookmark data.

 

type TDestination = record
  Handle: FPDF_DEST;
  Name: WString;
  PageNumber: Integer;
  HasX: Boolean;
  X: Single;
  HasY: Boolean;
  Y: Single;
  HasZoom: Boolean;
  Zoom: Single;
end; 

Named destination data.

 

type TLinkAnnotation = record
  Handle: FPDF_LINK;
  Rectangle: TPdfRectangle;
  PageNumber: Integer;
  Action: TPdfAction;
  ActionPageNumber: Integer;
  ActionPath: WString;
  Points: array of TQuadrilateralPoint;
end;

type TQuadrilateralPoint = array [1..4] of TPdfPoint; 

Link annotation data.

 

type TObjectType = (otUnknown, otText, otPath, otImage, otShading, otForm);

Determines type of the PDF object.

 

type TPageMode = (pmNone, pmOutline, pmThumbs, pmFullScreen, pmOptionalContentGroup, pmAttachments, pmUnknown);

Determines how the PDF document should be displayed when opened.

pmNone - neither document outline nor thumbnail images visible 
pmOutline - document outline visible 
pmThumbs - thumbnail images visible 
pmFullScreen - full-screen mode, with no menu bar, window controls, or any other window visible 
pmOptionalContentGroup - optional content group panel visible 
pmAttachments - attachments panel visible 
pmUnknown - unknown page mode 
 

type TPdfAction = (acUnsupported, acGoto, acGotoRemote, acUri, acLaunch);

Determines type of an action associated with a bookmark item.

acUnsupported - unsupported action type 
acGoto - go to a destination within current document 
acGotoRemote - go to a destination within another document 
acUri - Universal Resource Identifier, including web pages and other internet based resources 
acLaunch - launch an application or open a file 
 

type TPdfAnnotation = record
  Subtype: TPdfAnnotationSubtype;
  Flags: TPdfAnnotationFlags;
  HasColor: Boolean;
  Color: TColor;
  ColorAlpha: Byte;
  HasInteriorColor: Boolean;
  InteriorColor: TColor;
  InteriorColorAlpha: Byte;
  HasAttachmentPoints: Boolean;
  AttachmentPoints: TQuadrilateralPoint;
  Rectangle: TPdfRectangle;
  ContentsText: WString;
  AuthorText: WString;
end; 

Annotation data.

 

type TPdfAnnotationFlag = (afInvisible, afHidden, afPrint, afNoZoom, afNoRotate, afNoView, afReadOnly, afLocked, afToggleNoView);

type TPdfAnnotationFlags = set of TPdfAnnotationFlag;

Annotation flags.

 

type TPdfAnnotationSubtype = (anUnknown, anText, anLink, anFreeText, anLine, anSquare, anCircle, anPolygon, anPolyLine, anHighlight, anUnderline, anSquiggly, anStrikeout, anStamp, anCaret, anInk, anPopup, anFileAttachment, anSound, anMovie, anWidget, anScreen, anPrinterMark, anTrapNet, anWaterMark, anThreed, anRichMedia, anXfaWidget);

The annotation subtype.

 

type TPdfBlendMode = (bmDefault, bmColor, bmColorBurn, bmColorDodge, bmDarken, bmDifference, bmExclusion, bmHardLight, bmHue, bmLighten, bmLuminosity, bmMultiply, bmNormal, bmOverlay, bmSaturation, bmScreen, bmSoftLight);

Determines how layers are blended into each other.

 

type TPdfFeature = (feUnknown, feXfaForm, fePortableCollection, feAttachment, feSecurity, feSharedReview, feSharedFormAcrobat, feSharedFormFilesystem, feSharedFormEmail, fe3dAnnotation, feMovieAnnotation, feSoundAnnotation, feScreenMediaAnnotation, feScreenRichMediaAnnotation, feAttachmentAnnotation, feSignatureAnnotation);

Feature of PDF document reported by OnUnsupportedFeature event.

 

type TPdfFillMode = (fmNone, fmAlternate, fmWinding);

Determines how fill areas are formed when path intersects itself, i.e. no fill, even-odd parity rule or nonzero winding rule.

 

type TPdfFormFieldFlag = (ffReadOnly, ffRequired, ffNoExport, ffMultiline, ffChoiceCombo, ffChoiceEdit);

type TPdfFormFieldFlags = set of TPdfFormFieldFlag;

Form field flags.

 

type TPdfFormFieldInfo = record
  Name: WString;
  AlternateName: WString;
  FieldType: TPdfFormFieldType;
  Flags: TPdfFormFieldFlags;
  OptionLabels: array of WString;
  OptionSelected: array of Boolean;
  FontSize: Single;
  Checked: Boolean;
  ExportValue: WString;
  GroupCount: Integer;
  GroupIndex: Integer;
end; 

Form field information.

 

type TPdfFormFieldType = (fiUnknown, fiPushButton, fiCheckBox, fiRadioButton, fiComboBox, fiListBox, fiTextField, fiSignature);

Determines the type of the form field.

 

type TPdfFormType = (ftUnknown, ftNone, ftAcroForm, ftXfaFull, ftXfaForeground);

Determines type of forms in the PDF document.

ftUnknown - unknown form types 
ftNone - no forms in document 
ftAcroForm - forms are specified using AcroForm specification 
ftXfaFull - forms are specified using the entire XFA specification 
ftXfaForeground - forms are specified using the XFAF subset of XFA specification 
 

type TPdfImage = record
  Width: Integer;
  Height: Integer;
  Data: TBytes;
end; 

Size in pixels and data of the PDF image object.

 

type TPdfLineCap = (lcDefault, lcButt, lcRound, lcProjectingSquare);

The shape to be used at the ends of open subpaths.

 

type TPdfLineJoin = (ljDefault, ljMiter, ljRound, ljBevel);

The shape to be used at the corners of paths that are stroked.

 

type TPdfRectangle = record
  Left, Top, Right, Bottom: Double;
end;
TPdfRectangles = array of TPdfRectangle;


Rectangle area with Left, Top, Right and Bottom coordinates.

 

type TPdfSignature = record
  Content: TBytes;
  Encoding: WString;
  Reason: WString;
  Time: WString;
  Permission: Integer;
end;


PDF signature information.

 

type TPdfVersion = (pvUnknown, pv10, pv11, pv12, pv13, pv14, pv15, pv16, pv17);

The version of PDF file. Possible values are: unknown version, PDF version 1.0, PDF version 1.1, ...

 

type TPrintPaperHandling = (phUndefined, phSimplex, phDuplexFlipShortEdge, phDuplexFlipLongEdge);

The paper handling option to be used when printing.

 

type TRenderOption = (reAnnotations, reLcd, reNoNativeText, reGrayscale, reDebugInfo, reNoCatchException, reLimitCache, reHalftone, rePrinting, reReverseByteOrder, reNoSmoothText, reNoSmoothImage, reNoSmoothPath);

type TRenderOptions = set of TRenderOption;

Page rendering flags.

reAnnotations - render annotations 
reLcd - text rendering optimized for LCD display 
reNoNativeText - don't use the native text output available on some platforms 
reGrayscale - grayscale output 
reDebugInfo - set if you want to get some debug info 
reNoCatchException - set if you don't want to catch exception 
reLimitCache - limit image cache size 
reHalftone - always use halftone for image stretching 
rePrinting - render for printing 
reReverseByteOrder - render in a reverse byte order; this flag only enable when render to a bitmap 
reNoSmoothText - disable anti-aliasing on text 
reNoSmoothImage - disable anti-aliasing on images 
reNoSmoothPath - disable anti-aliasing on paths 
 

type TRotation = (ro0, ro90, ro180, ro270);

The PDF page rotation. The page rotation is rotated clockwise.

ro0 - no page rotation 
ro90 - page rotation 90 degrees clockwise 
ro180 - page rotation 180 degrees clockwise 
ro270 - page rotation 270 degrees clockwise 
 

type TSaveOption = (saNone, saIncremental, saNoIncremental, saRemoveSecurity);

Save options.

saNone - no option specified 
saIncremental - incremental 
saNoIncremental - no incremental 
saRemoveSecurity - remove security 
 

type TSearchOption = (seCaseSensitive, seWholeWord, seConsecutive);

type TSearchOptions = set of TSearchOption;

Search flags.

seCaseSensitive - match case 
seWholeWord - match the whole word 
seConsecutive - don't skip past the current match to look for the next match 
 

type TWebLink = record
  Url: WString;
  Rectangles: TPdfRectangles;
end; 

URL information and boundaries for the web link.

 

type WString = {$ifdef D2009PLUS} string {$else} WideString {$endif D2009PLUS};

Wide string.

 

Constants

const PointsPerInch: Integer = 72;

PDF uses points with density 72 points per inch.

 

Functions

function DecodeDate(const Value: string; var DateTime: TDateTime; var DateTimeOffset: Integer): Boolean;

Converts PDF date format to DateTime and DateTimeOffset. DateTimeOffset contains date/time offset (in minutes) to Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).

 

function PixelsToInches(Pixels, PixelsPerInch: Double): Double;

Converts pixels to inches.

 

function PixelsToPoints(Pixels, PixelsPerInch: Double): Double;

Converts pixels to PDF points.

 

function PointsToInches(Points: Double): Double;

Converts PDF points to inches.

 

function PointsToPixels(Points: Double; PixelsPerInch: Double): Double;

Converts PDF points to pixels.

 

Properties

property About: string; // read only

Version, copyright and contact information.

 

property Active: Boolean;

Opens or closes the selected PDF document.

 

property Annotation[Index: Integer]: TPdfAnnotation;

Retrieves or sets the specified annotation in the current PDF page. Index value has to be 0 to AnnotationCount - 1.

 

property AnnotationCount: Integer; // read only

The number of annotations in the current PDF page.

 

property Author: WString; // read only

Author retrieved from PDF document metadata.

 

property Bitmap[Index: Integer]: TBitmap; // read only

Bitmap data of the specified PDF image object. Index value has to be 0 to BitmapCount - 1. Returned bitmap has to be manually released.

 

property BitmapCount: Integer; // read only

Number of PDF image objects inside the PDF page.

 

property Bookmark[const Title: WString]: TBookmark; // read only

Returns a bookmark in the document, using the bookmark title.

 

property BookmarkChildren[const Bookmark: TBookmark]: TBookmarks; // read only

Returns child bookmarks for the specified bookmark in the document.

 

property Bookmarks: TBookmarks; // read only

Returns top level bookmarks in the document.

 

property Character[Index: Integer]: WideChar; // read only

Returns the specified character in a page. Index value has to be 0 to CharacterCount - 1.

 

property CharacterCount: Integer; // read only

Number of characters in a page.

 

property CharacterGenerated[Index: Integer]: Boolean; // read only

Returns True if the specified character in a page is generated by PDFium. Index value has to be 0 to CharacterCount - 1.

 

property CharacterIsHyphen[Index: Integer]: Boolean; // read only

Returns True if the specified character in a page is a hyphen. Index value has to be 0 to CharacterCount - 1.

 

property CharacterMapError[Index: Integer]: Boolean; // read only

Returns True if the specified character in a page has an invalid unicode mapping. Index value has to be 0 to CharacterCount - 1.

 

property CharacterOrigin[Index: Integer]: TPdfPoint; // read only

Origin of a particular character in a page. Index value has to be 0 to CharacterCount - 1.

 

property CharacterRectangle[Index: Integer]: TPdfRectangle; // read only

Bounding box of a particular character in a page. Index value has to be 0 to CharacterCount - 1.

 

property Charcode[Index: Integer]: WideChar; // read only

Returns the specified character code in a page. Index value has to be 0 to CharacterCount - 1.

 

property CreationDate: WString; // read only

Creation date retrieved from PDF document metadata.

 

property Creator: WString; // read only

Creator retrieved from PDF document metadata.

 

property Destination[Index: Integer]: TDestination; // read only

Data for the selected named destination. Index value has to be 0 to DestinationCount - 1.

 

property DestinationByName[const Name: WString]: TDestination; // read only

Data for the selected named destination.

 

property DestinationCount: Integer; // read only

Number of named destinations in the PDF document.

 

property Document: FPDF_DOCUMENT; // read only

PDF document handle.

 

property Find: FPDF_SCHHANDLE; // read only

PDF document search handle.

 

property FileName: string;

Name of the PDF file.

 

property FontSize[Index: Integer]: Double; // read only

Font size of a particular character in a page. Index value has to be 0 to CharacterCount - 1.

 

property FormField[Index: Integer]: WString;

Content of the specified PDF form field. Index value has to be 0 to FormFieldCount - 1.

 

property FormFieldCount: Integer; // read only

Number of form fields inside the PDF page.

 

property FormFieldAt[X, Y: Single]: WString;

Content of the specified PDF form field. X and Y are PDF coordinates.

 

property FormFieldInfo[Index: Integer]: TPdfFormFieldInfo; // read only

Features of the specified PDF form field. Index value has to be 0 to FormFieldCount - 1.

 

property FormFieldInfoAt[X, Y: Single]: TPdfFormFieldInfo; // read only

Features of the specified PDF form field. X and Y are PDF coordinates.

 

property FormFill: Boolean;

Enables PDF form fill functionality.

 

property FormHandle: FPDF_FORMHANDLE; // read only

PDF from handle.

 

property FormType: TPdfFormType; // read only

Type of forms contained in the PDF document.

 

property HasBookmarkChildren[const Bookmark: TBookmark]: Boolean; // read only

Returns true if the specified bookmark has child bookmarks.

 

property HasFormFieldAt[X, Y: Single]: Boolean; // read only

Determines whether a form field is located at given location. X and Y are PDF coordinates.

 

property Image[Index: Integer]: TPdfImage; // read only

Size in pixels and data of the specified PDF image object. Index value has to be 0 to ImageCount - 1.

 

property ImageCount: Integer; // read only

Number of PDF image objects inside the PDF page.

 

property IsTagged: Boolean; // read only

Determines if the PDF document is a tagged PDF document.

 

property Keywords: WString; // read only

Keywords retrieved from PDF document metadata.

 

property LinkAnnotation[Index: Integer]: TLinkAnnotation; // read only

Annotation data for the selected link annotation. Index value has to be 0 to LinkAnnotationCount - 1.

 

property LinkAnnotationCount: Integer; // read only

Number of link annotations in the current PDF page.

 

property MetaText[const Tag: string]: WString; // read only

Text from metadata of the PDF document.

 

property ModifiedDate: WString; // read only

Modified date retrieved from PDF document metadata.

 

property ObjectBitmap[Index: Integer]: TBitmap; // read only

Bitmap rasterisation of the specified PDF object or nil if the specific PDF object isn't an image object. Index value has to be 0 to ObjectCount - 1. Returned bitmap has to be manually released.

 

property ObjectBounds[Index: Integer]: TPdfRectangle; // read only

Boundaries of the specified PDF object. Index value has to be 0 to ObjectCount - 1.

 

property ObjectCount: Integer; // read only

Number of PDF objects inside the PDF page.

 

property ObjectHandle[Index: Integer]: Pointer; // read only

Handle of the specified PDF object. Index value has to be 0 to ObjectCount - 1.

 

property ObjectTransparent[Index: Integer]: Boolean; // read only

Determines whether the specified PDF object contains transparency. Index value has to be 0 to ObjectCount - 1.

 

property ObjectType[Index: Integer]: TObjectType; // read only

Type of the specified PDF object. Index value has to be 0 to ObjectCount - 1.

 

property Page: FPDF_PAGE; // read only

PDF document page handle.

 

property PageBounds: TPdfRectangle; // read only

The bounding box of the page. This is the intersection between its media box and crop box.

 

property PageCount: Integer; // read only

Total number of pages in a document.

 

property PageHeight: Double; // read only

Page height (excluding non-displayable area) measured in points. One point is 1/72 inch.

 

property PageLabel[PageNumber: Integer]: WString; // read only

Page label for the specified page. PageNumber value has to be 1 to PageCount.

 

property PageMode: TPageMode; // read only

How the document should be displayed when opened.

 

property PageNumber: Integer;

Currently selected page. PageNumber value has to be 1 to PageCount.

 

property PageRotation: TRotation;

The initial PDF page rotation. The PDF page rotation is rotated clockwise.

 

property PageWidth: Double; // read only

Page width (excluding non-displayable area) measured in points. One point is 1/72 inch.

 

property Password: string;

Password for PDF file.

 

property PdfVersion: TPdfVersion; // read only

PDF version of the PDF document.

 

property Permissions: LongWord; // read only

Permission flags of the PDF document. If the document is not protected or was unlocked by the owner, $ffffffff will be returned.

 

property PrintCopies: Integer; // read only

Number of copies to be printed.

 

property PrintPaperHandling: TPrintPaperHandling; // read only

The paper handling option to be used when printing.

 

property PrintScaling: Boolean; // read only

Whether the PDF document prefers to be scaled or not.

 

property Producer: WString; // read only

Producer retrieved from PDF document metadata.

 

property Rectangle[Index: Integer]: TPdfRectangle; // read only

Get a rectangular area of the selected rectangle from the result generated by the RectangleCount function. Index value has to be 0 to RectangleCount - 1.

 

property Signature[Index: Integer]: TPdfSignature; // read only

Get the specified signature. Index value has to be 0 to SignatureCount - 1.

 

property SignatureCount: Integer; // read only

Total number of signatures in the PDF document.

 

property Subject: WString; // read only

Subject retrieved from PDF document metadata.

 

property TextPage: FPDF_TEXTPAGE; // read only

PDF document page text handle.

 

property Thumbnail: TBitmap; // read only

Page thumbnail or nil if thumbnail isn't available. Returned bitmap has to be manually released.

 

property Title: WString; // read only

Title retrieved from PDF document metadata.

 

property Transparent: Boolean; // read only

Check whether the content of specified PDF page contains transparency.

 

property UserPermissions: LongWord; // read only

User permission flags of the PDF document. If the document is not protected, $ffffffff will be returned.

 

property ViewerPreference[const Key: string]: WString; // read only

Content of viewer preference with a given key.

 

property WebLink[Index: Integer]: TWebLink; // read only

URL information and boundaries for the selected web link. Index value has to be 0 to WebLinkCount - 1.

 

property WebLinkCount: Integer; // read only

Number of detected web links.

 

property XFA: Boolean; // read only

Determines whether pdfium.dll supports XFA.

 

Methods

function AddJpegImage(JpegImage: TStream; X, Y, Width, Height: Double): Boolean;

Add JPEG image to the current PDF page using the specified coordinates.

 

procedure AddPage(PageNumber: Integer; Width, Height: Double);

Construct an empty page.

 

procedure AddPath;

Add created path to the current PDF page.

 

procedure AddPicture(Picture: TPicture; X, Y: Double);

Add picture to the current PDF page using the specified coordinates.

 

procedure AddPicture(Picture: TPicture; X, Y, Width, Height: Double);

Add picture to the current PDF page using the specified coordinates.

 

procedure AddText(const Text, Font: string; FontSize: Single; X, Y: Double; Color: TColor = clBlack; Alpha: Byte = $FF; Angle: Double = 0.0);

Add text to the current PDF page at the specified position.

 

procedure BezierTo(X1, Y1, X2, Y2, X3, Y3: Single);

Add a cubic Bezier curve to the given path, starting at the current point, using specified control points.

 

function CharacterIndexAtPos(X, Y, ToleranceX, ToleranceY: Double): Integer;

Get the index of a character at or nearby a certain position on the page. If there is no character at or nearby the point, return value will be -1. If an error occurs, -3 will be returned.

 

procedure ClosePath;

Add a line between the current point and the initial point of the subpath, thus terminating the current subpath.

 

procedure CreateAnnotation(const Annotation: TPdfAnnotation);

Create a new annotation.

 

procedure CreateDocument;

Create a new PDF document.

 

procedure CreatePath(X, Y: Single; FillMode: TFillMode = fmNone; FillColor: TColor = clBlack; FillAlpha: Byte = $FF; Stroke: Boolean = True; StrokeColor: TColor = clBlack; StrokeAlpha: Byte = $FF; StrokeWidth: Single = 1.0; LineCap: TPdfLineCap = lcDefault; LineJoin: TPdfLineJoin = ljDefault; BlendMode: TPdfBlendMode = bmDefault);

Create a new path object at an initial position.

 

procedure CreatePath(X, Y, Width, Height: Single; FillMode: TFillMode = fmNone; FillColor: TColor = clBlack; FillAlpha: Byte = $FF; Stroke: Boolean = True; StrokeColor: TColor = clBlack; StrokeAlpha: Byte = $FF; StrokeWidth: Single = 1.0; LineCap: TPdfLineCap = lcDefault; LineJoin: TPdfLineJoin = ljDefault; BlendMode: TPdfBlendMode = bmDefault);

Create a new closed path consisting of a specified rectangle.

 

procedure DeleteAnnotation(Index: Integer);

Delete the specified annotation in the current PDF page. Index value has to be 0 to AnnotationCount - 1.

 

procedure DeletePage(PageNumber: Integer);

Delete the specified PDF page.

 

function DeviceToPage(X, Y, Left, Top, Width, Height: Integer; Rotation: TRotation; out PageX, PageY: Double): Boolean;

Convert the screen coordinate of a point to page coordinate.

 

function FindFirst(const Text: WString; Options: TSearchOptions = []; StartIndex: Integer = 0; DirectionUp: Boolean = True): Integer;

Start a search of the specified text. StartIndex is 0-based, -1 is for end of the page. DirectionUp parameter determines direction of this search operation.

 

function FindNext: Integer;

Search in the direction from page start to end. Return text position, or -1 if text was not found. Search must be initiated with FindFirst function.

 

function FindPrevious: Integer;

Search in the direction from page end to start. Return text position, or -1 if text was not found. Search must be initiated with FindFirst function.

 

function ImportPages(Pdf: TPdf; const Range: string; PageNumber: Integer = 1): Boolean;

Import pages from the specified PDF document. Range parameter determines the pages to be imported, such as '1,3,5-7'. PageNumber parameter is the page number to insert from.

 

function ImportPreferences(Pdf: TPdf): Boolean;

Copy the viewer preferences from the specified PDF document.

 

procedure LineTo(X, Y: Single);

Add a line between the current point and a new point in the path.

 

procedure LoadDocument(Data: Pointer; Size: Integer; Buffered: Boolean = True);

Open and load a PDF document from memory. If Buffered parameter is False then memory data must remain valid until the document is closed.

 

procedure LoadDocument(const Data: TBytes; Buffered: Boolean = True);

Open and load a PDF document from memory. If Buffered parameter is False then memory data must remain valid until the document is closed.

 

procedure LoadDocument(Data: TMemoryStream; Buffered: Boolean = True);

Open and load a PDF document from memory. If Buffered parameter is False then memory data must remain valid until the document is closed.

 

procedure MoveTo(X, Y: Single);

Move a path's current point to the specific position.

 

function PageToDevice(PageX, PageY: Double; Left, Top, Width, Height: Integer; Rotation: TRotation; out X, Y: Integer): Boolean;

Convert the page coordinate of a point to screen coordinate.

 

function RectangleCount(StartIndex: Integer = 0; Count: Integer = MaxInt): Integer;

Count number of rectangular areas occupied by a segment of texts. Function automatically merge small character boxes into bigger one if those characters are on the same line and use same font settings.

 

procedure ReloadPage;

Reloads contents of a page.

 

procedure RenderPage(DeviceContext: HDC; Left, Top, Width, Height: Integer; Rotation: TRotation = ro0; Options: TRenderOptions = []);

Render contents of a page to a device (screen, bitmap, or printer).

 

function RenderPage(Left, Top, Width, Height: Integer; Rotation: TRotation = ro0; Options: TRenderOptions = []; Color: TColor = clWhite): TBitmap;

Render contents of a page to a new bitmap. Returned bitmap has to be manually released.

 

procedure RenderPage(Bitmap: TBitmap; Left, Top, Width, Height: Integer; Rotation: TRotation = ro0; Options: TRenderOptions = []; Color: TColor = clWhite);

Render contents of a page to an existing bitmap.

 

function RenderTile(Left, Top, Width, Height, PageWidth, PageHeight: Integer; Rotation: TRotation = ro0; Options: TRenderOptions = []; Color: TColor = clWhite): TBitmap;

Render rectangular area of a page to a new bitmap. Returned bitmap has to be manually released.

 

procedure RenderTile(Bitmap: TBitmap; Left, Top, Width, Height, PageWidth, PageHeight: Integer; Rotation: TRotation = ro0; Options: TRenderOptions = []; Color: TColor = clWhite);

Render rectangular area of a page to an existing bitmap.

 

function SaveAs(Stream: TStream; Option: TSaveOption = saNone; PdfVersion: TPdfVersion = pvUnknown): Boolean;

Saves the copy of PDF document to the specified stream.

 

function SaveAs(const FileName: string; Option: TSaveOption = saNone; PdfVersion: TPdfVersion = pvUnknown): Boolean;

Saves the copy of PDF document to the specified file.

 

function Text(StartIndex: Integer = 0; Count: Integer = MaxInt): WString;

Extract text string from the page. StartIndex and Count parameters determine characters to be extracted. StartIndex parameter is 0-based.

 

function TextInRectangle(Left, Top, Right, Bottom: Double): WString;

Extract text within a rectangular boundary on the page.

 

function TextInRectangle(Rectangle: TPdfRectangle): WString;

Extract text within a rectangular boundary on the page.

 

procedure UpdatePage;

Generate PDF page content of modified PDF page. Without calling this method, the changed PDF information will be lost.

 

Events

property OnFormFieldEnter: TPdfFormFieldEnterEvent;

type TPdfFormFieldEnterEvent = procedure(Sender: TObject; const Text: WString) of object;

Write OnFormFieldEnter event handler to take specific actions when the form field is getting a focus.

 

property OnFormFieldExit: TNotifyEvent;

Write OnFormFieldExit event handler to take specific actions when the form field is losing a focus.

 

property OnPageChange: TNotifyEvent;

Write OnPageChange event handler to take specific actions when the current PDF page was changed.

 

property OnUnsupportedFeature: TPdfUnsupportedFeatureEvent;

type TPdfUnsupportedFeatureEvent = procedure(Sender: TObject; Feature: TPdfFeature) of object;

Occurs on unsupported PDF feature.

 


## 生成NativePDFDocumentReader.pas的要求
根据上面Pdfium控件包中TPdf控件（用于解析PDF文件）的用法，我们创建NativePDFDocumentReader.pas文件，在里面定义一个TNativePDFDocumentReader类，继承自TDocumentReader类，记住需要引用DocumentReader.pas文件，并实现它的read方法。
